Art is not a thing; it is a way.
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.
Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen.
To send light into the darkness of men's hearts – such is the duty of the artist.
An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one.
Artists must be men of wit, consciously or unconsciously philosophers; read, study and think a great deal of life…
Art washes away from the sould the dust of everyday life.
All art requires courage.
When inspiration doesn't come, I go halfway to meet it.
Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known.
Painting is easy when you don't know how, but very difficult when you do.
The day is an empty canvas, the shapes and colors are yours to choose.
I would like to paint the way a bird sings.
Pictures must not be too picturesque.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
An artist is like a prophet.  He must lead people and help them get acquainted with what he sees
Painting is a source of endless pleasure, but also of great anguish.
If people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all.
Anyone who says you can't see a thought simply doesn't know art.
Great art picks up where nature ends.
What art offers is space – a certain breathing room for the spirit.
Everything depends on the attitude of the artist toward his subject. It is essential.
Artists are fiery, they do not weep!
God and other artists are always a little obscure.
The only time I am truly in the Now is when I paint.
I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn't say any other way – things I had no words for.
Man will begin to recover the moment he takes art as seriously as physics, chemistry, or money.
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
Creativity takes courage.
I paint myself because I am alone. I paint myself because I am the subject I know best.
I dream a lot. I do more painting when I'm not painting. It’s in the subconscious..
Artists who seek perfection in everything are those who can't attain it in anything.
The world today doesn't make sense, so why should I paint pictures that do?
That stroke you are about to make on a painting is as much you as the next word you utter or the next breath you take.
An artist never really finishes his work; he merely abandons it.
If one really loves nature, one can find beauty everywhere.
All true artists, whether they know it or not, create from a place of no-mind, from inner stillness.
The artist does not see things as they are, but as he is.
Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable.
Fine art is that in which the hand, the head, and the heart of man go together.
I dream my paintings, and then they paint my dream.
Where the spirit does not work with the hand there is no art.
Art exists only to communicate a spiritual message.
